And The Last Lecture we added some ingredients.
Now I want you to make this two shopping list but work.
You can come up with some ideas some solution on how you can send these items to the shopping list.
Soledad once we go to the shopping list we see them here.
Think about it forming the component that something changed.
And also think about how to add more than one item at once to the shopping list.
I wish you luck with that.
Time to pause in a couple of seconds.
We'll do it together.
So were you successful.
Let's add the shopping list items to gabber.
We already have this button under SPDC a component.
So the first step of course is to hook this button up.
I will remove the ref here and instead add inline style you still have a charisma which looks like a
pointer but then you're on the click listener I'll call on ADD to shopping list.
Of course you can choose a different name now that will be executed to your in the component body in
the recipe detail component typescript file.
And each year we either need to get access to the shopping list service or to the rest of his service
and then the recipe service exorcise the shopping lists service.
You can find arguments for both.
You could say we're in the recipe section therefore we should mainly work with the recipe service.
You could say why would we take this extra wadis extra step.
We can directly access the shopping lists service again.
Arguments can be found for both directions.
I will choose the route where we use the recipe service.
So I will inject the recipe.
Service your type recipes service of course.
Make sure to add import.
And now I need to add a method in the recipe service.
Does a CD add ingredients to shopping list method.
Of course you can also pick a shorter name of.
This one is a bit too long for you here.
I expect to receive my ingredients so that will be of type ingredients and before we continue working
on this and the recipe service.
Let's call this method.
So in the shopping excuse me in the recipe detail component I will access my recipes service.
This brand new method with the extremely short name and pass on the ingredients off days recipe here.
So these ingredients.
So with that these ingredients are passed to the recipe service.
Now here we need to access the shopping list service now for that we need to get access to the shopping
the service in this file.
And if you want to inject a service into a service as we want to do here you need to add at injectable
to that service.
Make sure to import it from an angle or call it with that injection Juhani add here we can inject the
service now in the constructor of this recipe service Koolhaas.
You're already Estelle's service Sodhi shopping lists service to which you'll all needed to add an import
at the top pointing to the shopping list folder and then the shopping service file and with that added
We can now reach out to that year as well service.
And here we need to add a new method.
So let's go to the shopping list service and let's add ed in greedy yen's method like that.
Now in a year we will receive our list of ingredients self type ingredient array and now we need a logic
to atom.
Now a quick and easy way would be to simply loop through them so that ingredient of ingredients wraps
ingredients like that and then we could simply call this add ingredient for each ingredient.
And that would be absolutely fine.
The only downside probably is that we emit a lot of events.
Now it won't be too bad because even a recipe with like 30 ingredients wouldn't blow up our app.
But still there are a lot of unnecessary event emissions.
So that is a viable option but I'll comment it out a different one would be to directly at all ingredients
in one go and then emit our event.
So we could access our ingredients here and call the push method and now we can use say as six feature
the spread operator which allows us to basically turn an array of elements into a list of elements because
the push method here is able to handle multiple objects.
However it is not able to handle an array or to be precise it can handle an array but then it would
push this array as a single object to the array.
So by adding the spread operator which is simply free dots might look strange but that is how the operator
looks.
We can now simply spread our ingredients into a list of single ingredients which are now pushed without
issues 2 or ingredients array and then don't forget it.
We have to admit that our ingredients changed.
So why don't we simply pass a copy of it.
So if they add now we get a method we can call add ingredients.
So back in the recipe service on the shopping service we can now call add ingredients and pass our ingredients
to that service.
With that let's save this and let's simply check us right now we only have the default values of apples
and tomatoes on our shopping list.
Now on the Schnitzler we got Meechie and french fries.
Let's click to shopping list and let's go to the shopping list and we see meat and french fries.
Awesome Dad looks really great.
Of course if you click those multiple times it will duplicate it and you can of course write some logic
to check if an item has already been added and then grouped together by name.
I won't do this in this application.
The main thing here is it works.
We can send data around through our app by using services.
We took a major step forward now in the next section we're going to have a look at routing and there
return to add routing to this application to now get a proper navigation and also to make this new recipe
button here work Selsey there.